[docs] Translate DVP go-to-production article to English (#10922)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/site/pages/virtualization-platform/guides/GOING_TO_PRODUCTION.md

If the cluster is initially created with nodes allocated for a specific type of workload, such as system nodes, monitoring nodes, and so on,
we recommend that you explicitly specify the corresponding nodeSelector in the configuration of modules using persistent storage volumes.
For example, for the `prometheus` module, this parameter is [nodeSelector](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/configuration.html#parameters-nodeselector).

### System nodes

{% alert %}
Use two system nodes.
{% endalert %}

System nodes are used to run Deckhouse modules.
Their [NodeGroup](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/040-node-manager/cr.html#nodegroup) has the `node-role.deckhouse.io/system` label.

Allocate two system nodes.
This way, Deckhouse modules will run on them without interfering with user applications in the cluster.
For details on allocating nodes for specific load types, refer to [Advanced scheduling](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/#advanced-scheduling).

> We recommended that you provide the Deckhouse components with fast disks (the [storageClass](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/deckhouse-configure-global.html#parameters-storageclass) global parameter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that fast disks are recommended for the Deckhouse components (the [storageClass](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/deckhouse-configure-global.html#parameters-storageclass) global parameter).
```

## Monitoring alerts

{% alert %}

> You can configure alerts using the [internal Alertmanager](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/faq.html#how-do-i-add-alertmanager) or connecting the [external one](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/faq.html#how-do-i-add-an-additional-alertmanager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure alerts using the [internal Alertmanager](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/faq.html#how-do-i-add-alertmanager) or connect the [external one](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/faq.html#how-do-i-add-an-additional-alertmanager).
```

{% endalert %}

Monitoring will work out of the box once Deckhouse is installed, but it's not enough for production clusters.

> To receive alerts about incidents, configure the Alertmanager [built in](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/faq.html#how-do-i-add-alertmanager) Deckhouse  or [connect your own](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/faq.html#how-do-i-add-an-additional-alertmanager) Alertmanager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To receive alerts about incidents, configure the [built-in](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/faq.html#how-do-i-add-alertmanager) Deckhouse Alertmanager or [connect your own](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/faq.html#how-do-i-add-an-additional-alertmanager) Alertmanager.
```

> Using the [CustomAlertmanager](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/cr.html#customalertmanager) custom resource, you can configure alerting to an [e-mail](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/cr.html#customalertmanager-v1alpha1-spec-internal-receivers-emailconfigs), [Slack](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/cr.html#customalertmanager-v1alpha1-spec-internal-receivers-slackconfigs), [Telegram](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/usage.html#sending-alerts-to-telegram), via the [webhook](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/cr.html#customalertmanager-v1alpha1-spec-internal-receivers-webhookconfigs), or by other means.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the [CustomAlertmanager](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/cr.html#customalertmanager) custom resource, you can set up alerts to be sent to [e-mail](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/cr.html#customalertmanager-v1alpha1-spec-internal-receivers-emailconfigs), [Slack](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/cr.html#customalertmanager-v1alpha1-spec-internal-receivers-slackconfigs), [Telegram](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/usage.html#sending-alerts-to-telegram), via [webhooks](https://deckhouse.io/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/modules/300-prometheus/cr.html#customalertmanager-v1alpha1-spec-internal-receivers-webhookconfigs), or by other means.
```

-->

## Backups

{% alert %}
Set up [etcd backups](https://deckhouse.io/products/virtualization-platform/documentation/admin/platform-management/control-plane-settings/etcd.html).
Write up a recovery plan.
{% endalert %}

We strongly recommend that you set up [etcd backups](https://deckhouse.io/products/virtualization-platform/documentation/admin/platform-management/control-plane-settings/etcd.html).
This will be your last chance to restore the cluster should things go awry.
Keep these backups as *far away* from your cluster as possible.

The backups won't help if they don't work or if you don't know how to use them for recovery.
The best practice is compiling a [Disaster Recovery Plan](https://www.google.com/search?q=Disaster+Recovery+Plan)
with specific steps and commands to restore the cluster from a backup.

This plan should be periodically updated and tested in drills.

## Community

{% alert %}
Follow the project channel on [Telegram](https://t.me/deckhouse) for news and updates.
{% endalert %}

To keep up with important news and updates, join the [community](https://deckhouse.io/community/about.html).

> This will help you share experience with people who are doing the same thing as you are and avoid typical problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will help you share experience with people who are doing the same thing as you are and avoid typical mistakes.
```
